[DOC] Update Tempo doc to Alloy (#3843)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/configuration/grafana-agent/span-metrics.md

Span metrics are also used in the service graph view.

> For more information, refer to the [service graph view]({{< relref "../../metrics-generator/service-graph-view" >}}).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to the [service graph view](https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/<TEMPO_VERSION>/metrics-generator/service-graph-view/).
```

{{< admonition type="note">}}
Grafana Alloy provides tooling to convert your Agent Static or Flow configuration files into a format that can be used by Alloy.

> For more information, refer to [Migrate to Alloy]({{<relref "../grafana-alloy/migrate-alloy" >}}).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to [Migrate to Alloy]({{< relref "../grafana-alloy/migrate-alloy" >}}).
```

> For more information, refer to [Migrate to Alloy]({{< relref "../grafana-alloy/migrate-alloy" >}}).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to [Migrate to Alloy](https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/<TEMPO_VERSION>/configuration/grafana-alloy/migrate-alloy).
```
